Merging gem5-SALAM code (#2429)
gem5/gem5: util/SALAM-docs/Building_and_Integrating_Accelerators.md

  * `configs/SALAM/fs_<bench>.py` (full-system wrapper)

* **util/SALAM-tools/SALAM-Configurator/fs_template.py**
  The template full-system script that imports `<bench>.py` and calls `makeHWAcc()`.

* **configs/SALAM/HWAccConfig.py**
  Contains `AccConfig(...)`, which binds a CommInterface to:

  * an LLVM IR kernel (via `LLVMInterface.in_file`)
  * a timing model loaded from `config.yml` (runtime cycles per instruction)
  * the HWModeling instruction/functional-unit objects used during execution

In the generated `<bench>.py`, each accelerator is instantiated as a `CommInterface`, then configured by calling `AccConfig(...)` with its `.ll` path and the YAML config file.

From the gem5 repository root, the BFS configuration can be generated with:

```bash
util/SALAM-tools/SALAM-Configurator/systembuilder.py \
    --sys-name bfs \
    --bench-path bfs \
    --config-name config.yml
```

This command generates the gem5 Python files and `bfs/bfs_clstr_hw_defines.h`. The normal workflow does not require running it separately because `run_system.sh`, used in Step 8, invokes the configurator before building and running the workload.

## Step 6: Write the Host Program

> For BFS, the host program is a bare-metal application compiled to an ELF:

Reviewer: Since the previous section jumps to the `gem5` repo level, it might be good provide the path to the BFS example again, though you don't have to use the exact suggestion:

```suggestion
For BFS, the host program is a bare-metal application compiled to an ELF. Under `configs/example/gem5_library/salam-benchmarks/src/bfs`:
```

You only need to rerun the generator if you edit the profile YAMLs under `default_profile/` (or after promoting a unit from `additional_units/`). The workload **config.yml** `hw_config` section supplies per-kernel `runtime_cycles` at simulation time via `AccConfig()`; update that separately if you change instruction timing after regenerating.

The **workloads/** tree is a ready-to-run artifact snapshot (precompiled `hw/*.ll`, `sw/main.elf`, and minimal config). It does not include source or hardware profile YAMLs.

### Adding a custom functional unit

The `float_trig_sine` entry under `additional_units/` demonstrates how to specify an optional functional unit: pipeline depth, cycle count, `enum_value`, datatype support, instruction bindings, and power-model fields. **HWProfileGenerator** only reads YAML files under `default_profile/`; files under `additional_units/` are not processed unless you copy them into `default_profile/`.

To add a custom unit to a regenerated profile:

1. Copy the unit directory from `additional_units/` into `default_profile/` (for example, `default_profile/float_trig_sine/float_trig_sine.yml`).

> 2. Update `inst_list.yml` to map the relevant LLVM instructions to the unit's `enum_value`, and adjust **config.yml** `hw_config` if per-kernel `runtime_cycles` change.

Reviewer: Slight modification to make it more descriptive:
```suggestion
2. Update `inst_list.yml` to map the relevant LLVM instructions' `functional_unit` field to the unit's `enum_value`, and adjust **config.yml** `hw_config` if per-kernel `runtime_cycles` change.
```
